# Misclassification-of-Postings
Misclassification of Job postings in Craigs List
Online advertising, a marketing technique that utilizes the internet to promote services and products, is still growing rapidly, expected to reach US$ 349.6 Billion by 2027 by IMARC Group. Some of the most popular advertising websites in USA are Craigslist, Free Ads Time, FinderMaster, AdvertiseEra and so on. To assist Craigslist to have a bigger share of the market, by improving the users’ experience on Craigslist. There are lots of misclassified job postings on the website, which would have caused lower customer engagement and customer retention. If people keep seeing misclassified job posts on the website, they might think it’s a untrustworthy place to look for jobs. Thus, it is very important for Craigslist to help employers put their job postings in the right section on the website!
The project objective is to use machine learning techniques to improve the accuracy of job postings related to education on Craigslist. Scraped data from 82 cities across the United States from Craigslist postings. The goal is to reduce the misclassification rate of job postings, which will make it easier for people seeking employment to find relevant education-related job listings. This is achieved by training a robust classification model that can identify education-related job postings accurately. Once the model is developed, it will remove non-relevant job listings and provide users with accurate and relevant job postings. The ultimate goal of this project is to enhance the user experience of job seekers on Craigslist and help them find suitable job opportunities quickly and easily.
